ReadMe for consctructors (#329)
TuringLang/AdvancedHMC.jl: README.md

 Suppose ${\bf x}$ and ${\bf v}$ are the position and velocity of an individual particle respectively; $i$ and $i+1$ are the indices for time values $t_i$ and $t_{i+1}$ respectively; $dt = t_{i+1} - t_i$ is the time step size (constant and regularly spaced intervals); and ${\bf a}$ is the acceleration induced on a particle by the forces of all other particles. Furthermore, suppose positions are defined at times $t_i, t_{i+1}, t_{i+2}, \dots $, spaced at constant intervals $dt$, the velocities are defined at halfway times in between, denoted by $t_{i-1/2}, t_{i+1/2}, t_{i+3/2}, \dots $, where $t_{i+1} - t_{i + 1/2} = t_{i + 1/2} - t_i = dt / 2$, and the accelerations ${\bf a}$ are defined only on integer times, just like the positions. Then the leapfrog integration scheme is given as: $x_{i} = x_{i-1} + v_{i-1/2} dt; \quad v_{i+1/2} = v_{i-1/2} + a_i dt$. For available integrators refer <a href="#integrator-integrator">Integrator</a>.
</details>

> - **kernel for trajectories (static or dynamic)**: Different types of kernels can be used, which maybe static or dynamic. At each iteration of any variant of the HMC algorithm there are two main steps - the first step changes the momentum and the second step may change both the position and the momentum of a particle. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Kernel for trajectories (static or dynamic)**: Different types of kernels can be used, which maybe static or dynamic. At each iteration of any variant of the HMC algorithm there are two main steps - the first step changes the momentum and the second step may change both the position and the momentum of a particle. 
```

# The `samples` from each parallel chain is stored in the `chains` vector 
# Adjust the `verbose` flag as per need
Threads.@threads for i in 1:nchains
  samples, stats = sample(hamiltonian, kernel, initial_θ, n_samples, adaptor, n_adapts; verbose=false)
  chains[i] = samples
end
```

### Using the `AbstractMCMC` interface 

> Users can also make use of the `AbstractMCMC` interface to sample which employs the same API as other popular Bayesian inference libraries in Julia such as `Turing`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can also make use of the `AbstractMCMC` interface to sample, which is also what is used in Turing.jl.
```

We're not just employing the same API, it is exactly the same funtions:)

> In order to show how this is done let us start from our previous example where we defined a `LogTargetDensity`, ℓπ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to show how this is done let us start from our previous example where we defined a `LogTargetDensity`, `ℓπ`.
```

  adaptor = NoAdaptation()
  hmc = HMCSampler(kernel, metric, adaptor)
  ```

- HMCDA:
  ```julia
  #HMCDA (dual averaging)
  # adaptation steps, target acceptance probability, target trajectory length 
  n_adapt, δ, λ = 1000, 0.8
  hmcda = HMCDA(1000, 0.8, 1.0)
  ```

  Equivalent to:

  ```julia
  metric = DiagEuclideanMetric(D)
  hamiltonian = Hamiltonian(metric, ℓπ, ForwardDiff)
  initial_ϵ = find_good_stepsize(hamiltonian, initial_θ)
  integrator = Leapfrog(initial_ϵ)
  kernel = HMCKernel(Trajectory{EndPointTS}(integrator, FixedIntegrationTime(λ)))
  adaptor = StanHMCAdaptor(MassMatrixAdaptor(metric), StepSizeAdaptor(δ, integrator))
  hmcda = HMCSampler(kernel, metric, adaptor)
  ```

Moreover, there's some flexibility in how these samplers can be initialized. 
For example, a user can initialize a NUTS (as well as HMC and HMCDA) sampler with their own metric and integrator. 
This can be done as follows:
  ```julia
  nuts = NUTS(n_adapt, δ, metric = :diagonal) #metric = DiagEuclideanMetric(D) (Default!)
  nuts = NUTS(n_adapt, δ, metric = :unit)     #metric = UnitEuclideanMetric(D)
  nuts = NUTS(n_adapt, δ, metric = :dense)    #metric = DenseEuclideanMetric(D)

>   # Provide your own :AbstractMetric

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Provide your own AbstractMetric
```

Reviewer: Or is there a point to this `:`?

  metric = DiagEuclideanMetric(10)
  nuts = NUTS(n_adapt, δ, metric = metric) 

  nuts = NUTS(n_adapt, δ, integrator = :leapfrog)         #integrator = Leapfrog(ϵ) (Default!)
  nuts = NUTS(n_adapt, δ, integrator = :jitteredleapfrog) #integrator = JitteredLeapfrog(ϵ, 0.1ϵ)
  nuts = NUTS(n_adapt, δ, integrator = :temperedleapfrog) #integrator = TemperedLeapfrog(ϵ, 1.0)

>   # Provide your own :AbstractIntegrator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Provide your own AbstractIntegrator
```

  integrator = JitteredLeapfrog(ϵ, 0.2ϵ)
  nuts = NUTS(n_adapt, δ, integrator = integrator) 
  ```

> 
> Finally, bare in mind that the convinience constructors return `AbstractMCMC.AbstractSampler` and therefore they must be used using the `AbstractMCMC` interface as in the case of `HMCSampler`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Is this important to specify? Now there is no other interface, right? It's all the same `sample` method, no?

where `ϵ` is the step size of leapfrog integration.

### Kernel (`kernel`)

> - Static HMC with a fixed number of steps (`n_steps`) (Neal, R. M. (2011)): `StaticTrajectory(integrator, n_steps)`

Author: done!
